Welcome to module too and this module is the walking skeleton.
And what is a walking skeleton.
Well a walking skeleton is a tiny implementation of a system that performs a small end to end function.
It need not use the fine architecture but it should link together the main architectural components
and then the architecture and the functionality can evolve in parallel.
Now our applications going to be made up of several parts.
We are using a database we are using an object relational map.
We are using an API and then we're using a javascript framework angular for our user interface and we
want all of these components of our architecture to be working and we want to prove that they're working
before we then go on and build out the functionality of this application.
So our application architecture is going to contain a database where the table with a couple of values
in that we learn one of display only aced him old page look can be viewed by the client and in between
the database and the client is going to be object relational mapping entity framework allows a API to
send queries to this database and then we're going to fetch these values via API from our spa singular
application.
And our goal of this particular module is to ensure that all of these pieces can work together and we
can display these values on the client at the end.
So how are we going to achieve this why we're going to do this in this module by first of all creating
the Web API product but review the files are created by the dot net seelye lacks the all we're going
to be using to create our Web API.
Then we're going to ensure our way the API actually run successfully or create our database and to do
this we'll use the code first approach all and model first approach as it's sometimes called.
Then we're going to use source control to check in all of our changes.
We'll create the angler application will then configure our anger up Kason to fetch data from our API
and then we're going to bind the data we get back from the API to the east here Mal so that we can lend
displayer on the page.
And during this but also going to add support for beach drap and pontorson so that we can make our styling
of our application significantly easier than starting from scratch with CSA.
So as with any model in this course will occur before and after so we can see what were actually working
towards now.
In this particular module it's not going to blow your socks off.
There's going to.
It's our goal for less is purely to display data on a page from the database.
So we'll take a look at the before and after anyway.
So this is before you absolutely nothing just an empty Command Prompt Window.
And this is where we're starting.
And by the end of this module this is where we're going to get to.
Now I appreciate this doesn't look like very much but these values that appear on the page these are
being displayed from our or being hauled in via our API from our database.
And this is what we're going to get to so we can confirm that our spa can talk to our API which can
talk to our database and then we can return this and display it on the page.
Okay so now we've seen what we're going to look at let's get started.